docs: .NET ParallelScope (#27745)
microsoft/playwright: docs/src/test-runners-csharp.md

### Running NUnit tests in Parallel

By default NUnit will run all test files in parallel, while running tests inside each file sequentially (`ParallelScope.Self`). It will create as many processes as there are cores on the host system. You can adjust this behavior using the NUnit.NumberOfTestWorkers parameter.

> Only `ParallelScope.Self` is supported as of today.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Only `ParallelScope.Self` is supported as of v1.38
```

> Only `ParallelScope.Self` is supported as of today.

Author: ```suggestion
Only `ParallelScope.Self` is supported.
```
